1. Why do you think the spheres in the scene are completely black in this render
pass, despite having color in the combined pass?

The spheres have no diffuse quality (they seem to be mirror-metal and glass). 
Therefore, the diffuse direct ray would contribute nothing, leading to black.

2. Why do you think there is red and green color in this pass while the direct pass
is only black and white?

The direct pass is black and white because the light is white-colored, so any
direct ray "hit" can only contribute white color.
The indirect pass gains red and green colors because some of the rays bounce
off the non-colored walls and strike the red and green walls, providing color.

3. Why do you think this pass is flat shaded?

Since there's no light element, this pass basically just shows the material
colors, which in this case is homogeneous across the two walls.

4. What do you think are the white spots in this pass?

These show up as the super shiny light spots on the balls from a direct
reflection of the light source. This is because they have a specular component.

5. Why do you think the right-most sphere looks different in this pass compared to
how it looks in the combined pass? Notice how it has a black center here instead
of a gray center. Where is that black center coming from?

The right-most sphere looks much more similar to the left sphere in this render
because it does not include elements from the other passes yet (which will turn
out to dominate the combined pass color). It has a black center here because
we are specifically not including transmission yet; the rays from the back wall
do not get to pass through the glass ball yet.

6. What do you think it means for the right-most sphere to appear mostly gray
compared to the fully white sphere on the left? Can you also think of a reason
to explain the white outline around the gray sphere? (Hint: it is something you
coded up in HW3)

The left sphere is metal and will always 100% reflect all incident rays.
The right sphere is glass and would also sometimes reflect incident rays, but
not as much as the mirror ball. There is a white outline because the incident
angle there between the camera and the ball surface normal is large, causing
rays to obey total internal reflection (treating the glass as mirror).

7. Why do you think this pass is completely black?

As the description says, most light rays would need to transmit through a
medium twice. Only a very thin material could get away with one transmission,
which this glass ball clearly isn't.

8. Why do you think the right-most sphere this time has a gray center when it had
a black center in the glossy indirect pass?

The transmission pass has a gray center because we're able to catch rays
passing through the glass ball from the back wall. The glossy indirect pass
did not allow these rays.

9. Why do you think only one sphere shows up in this pass?

Only one sphere (indeed, only one object in the scene) has any transmissive 
qualities: the glass one. The mirror one only reflects and doesn't transmit.