You will be randomly asked one of these questions during the grading session:

1. Describe two of the ways we discussed in class on how to compute a ray-triangle
intersection. You do not need to provide all the mathematical details. Just give
enough of the high-level ideas to show that you understand the approaches.
    - Ray Plane intersection - see if the point of the ray lies in the 2 dimensional
    region where triangle lies. This plane is not the image
    plane but instead an a lower dimensional arbitrary plane where the point and the
    triangle both lie. The 2D Rasterization Test will then validate if the point and
    plane are intersecting (scan line rendering test, pixel to the left of all three 
    rays).
    - Ray Triangle intersection - Utilizing a 3D rendering of the triangle, we can take
    a vector of one of the edges and construct a normal to that edge. Using a formula
    for the ray point ((ray point - triangle vertex) dotted with n), we can find the
    relation of the point to the triangle vertex and assess if it intersects via each
    vertex.

2. Why is transforming a normal vector between object and world space different from
transforming an object between those spaces?
    - Transforming a normal vector is different than transforming an object because the
    normal vector behaves differently under transformations. For example, when you 
    transform an object from object space to world space, you apply the transformation
    matrix directly to the object's vertices. However, the normal vector, which represents
    the direction perpendicular to the surface, won't undergo the same transformation. 
    If it's transformed in the same way it won't be perpendicular to the surface anymore.
    So, you need to apply the inverse transformation to adjust for the scaling and maintain
    it perpendicular to the surface.

3. Explain the idea of total internal reflection. Conceptually, when does this happen, and
what effect does it have on the transmission of light through a material?
    - This occurs when there is a transition from a much higher refraction index (i.e. 
    water/glass) to a lower refraction index (i.e. air).
    - Normally, you get both a reflected and transmitted ray, but the transmitted ray 
    disappears as you bend away from the normal and reach the critical angle, and makes
    it so that no light can get through so you end up not being able to see anything
    except the reflection.
    - Effect: only reflection and no transmitted ray.


4. What does Beer’s Law say about light as it travels through a medium? How does the
attenuation coefficient come into play with modifying the light intensity appropriately
as the light travels through some distance?
    - Beer’s Law tells us that light gets absorbed and scattered over some distance 
    as it travels through material, where the amount that gets scattered depends on the 
    distance and the wavelength. The attenuation coefficient affects the light intensity 
    by “pushing the light down,” so a larger attenuation coefficient would mean less light 
    gets through (C is bigger for red light in water in comparison to green and blue, so 
    you don’t see as much red in the water).

